hello it's Ruby and today I'm going to
be doing a post exam get productive with
me so it's currently Thursday and I had
an exam this morning from 9 to 10:30
it's now 1:15 so it's been quite a while
there are a few things I needed to do is
write by edited and uploaded a video
I've been doing all those little tasks
on my to-do list that I just needed to
get done and also because I come back
from any exam I always do like to give
myself a little bit of time to have a
break and these always came up from my
YouTube suggested and I never really
watched them but then I decided to click
on one and watch one of the 10-minute
photo challenges and I just thought it
was so cool and so I've been watching
quite a few of those probably say I
watch about one a day at the moment
which is quite a lot so I watched one of
those when I got back to you I have got
quite a few things I want to do number
one first and foremost is to tackle this
because this is all of the stuff that I
bought back home after Christmas and
since I had two exams one on Wednesday
one on Thursday and I wanted to spend
all of my time revising for those I left
it and thought I'll do it today I'll do
it on Thursday I think we're gonna start
by tackling the desk then we'll do this
then we'll do kitchen then we'll do
bathroom so get ready for a massive tidy
and organized and sort with me I don't
even tell you how much I've been looking
forward to doing this so since I got
back I've just been so excited I'm gonna
put on the oven deriv at Hanson
soundtracks I'm really liking it
[Music]
okay so I just on the desk and now I'm
gonna tackle the main event
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Music]
we're going for an hour and 10 to 15
minutes and I'm feeling a lot happy with
how the room looks
[Music]
there we go I am done for now this is
what everything looking like at the
moment it is looking a lot better than
it did
and I've also disinfected the desk and
disinfected all of the kitchen staff the
thing that's left is this big box of
stuff and also Mike and Kim which has
got some stuff in it start as well I'm
going to read some of my book for a
little bit now and then I'm going to get
set up with some work but thank you for
watching this little clean with me I
hope that you enjoyed and have a
productive week
[Music]